nineteen seventy-two Cadillac
coupe de ville
got the air ride
taught them interior
Lane thrower
custom paint job this car is back to the
bone
follow me with all-cash offers at nine
549 378 271 you can also visit our
website by right auto sales pork pie
right Laura self dot fork
I got the 22 is on them out of quota
Trent are accorded bumper
interior is immaculate
got the DVD player pioneer radio with
navigation and all
alarm
doors are shaved so you got the door
poppers
and the quadrats smooth as can be very
smooth ride
i'm going to show you the trunk
lots of money was spent to build this
Cadillac got the 15 inch woofers dd3
amplifiers in the back this to look just
the system of the sky was about 10 grand
for me little cash office 9 5 49 378 271
look at this custom paint on the roof
garden rose this is not a stick as a
paint job
you got the door poppers even got the
baseball bat that says Cadillac to go
with the car for me with all-cash offers
95 49 378 271 you can visit our website
by right Boris el Bourque serious about
buying this car i recommend economy
because we sell cars over the phone
somebody calls me gives me the offer
would take a deposit the car's gone so
call me right now to make this deal 954
937 827 one ad for alex has custom
pinstriping black black on a quarter
bottle with a friend built this car
took a lot a lot of time and a lot of
money in a lot of patience and it also
has like i said before flamethrowers so
at night time you rode up you press the
button and it shoots flames from the
back of the exhaust call me with
all-cash offers 95 49 378 271 I'm going
to crank it up one more time for you
guys see how how it starts here that's
right up no problem
this is for the wood
perfect Cindy before we would all get
over that 954
937 827 one asked for me my name is Alan
thank you for visiting my office